Hello everybody and welcome to this
tutorial.
Today I will show you how to install VirtualBox
within a Windows environment
So previously I've showed you how to do it in a Linux environment
and it is a bit more complex there
because you do need to add repositories
and then pull the packet from the repositories.
You can also pull it from the website
but that's not recommended.
However in Windows, the process is
fairly straightforward.
It's fairly simple.
You just go ahead, open up your favorite browser
mine is Firefox
and go ahead and type in "VirtualBox"
Press "Enter"
and go ahead and open up their website.
Takes a bit to load.
Don't know what the problem is.
Perhaps my internet connection is slow.
Nevermind
Just click on "Downloads"
and choose "VirtualBox for 3.22 for Windows hosts"
So just go ahead and click on it
and I don't want to download it now
because I've downloaded it prior to this tutorial in order to save some time
but since you didn't, just go ahead and
click on "Save File"
and it will download it.
The download process will start.
I'm just gonna go ahead and navigate
over to my downloads folder.
I have it right here
I'm just going to go ahead and double click on it
in order to initiate the installation wizard.
Keep in mind that this Windows is actually a virtual machine
and I am conducting an installation of VirtualBox
within a machine that is being run within yet another VirtualBox.
So a virtual machine within a a virtual machine
would be a proper way to name the
situation.
You can see I've minimized it
that I can pull it now
but it works just fine.
The installation process will go, no problems.
It will go fairly smoothly without any problems.
So just go ahead and click "Next" in these options.
You can actually browse for different installation locations here
but the default one will do just fine.
So just go ahead and click "Next"
"Create shortcuts"
"Register file association"
Sure, why not?
Click "Next"
This warning is basically telling you
that it will reset your network connection
So if you don't want that to happen
you might hold the installation process or something like that
but don't worry, even if you're downloading something.
It's not a big deal if your interfaces are reset
your connection goes down and then it comes back up again
and your download might just stop for a while
and that's it.
Continue on later.
Anyway, just go ahead and click "Yes"
Install and there we go...
Oops! This is...no it is a not an error or something like that
It's just Windows asking for our permission.
Anyway, the installation process has started here, no problems
and as I was talking about previously
this is a virtual macine within a virtual machine.
The installation of the program will go
fine, no problems.
However, if you plan to run another virtual machine
within this VirtualBox
within this virtual machine
you might encounter some problems.
So start VirtualBox after installation.
Finish
Sure, why not?
and as I said, you might encounter some problems
performance-wise
because, I mean, you would need to have crazy good hardware
in order to accomplish this feat.
I believe I could do it
but to the point that the virtual OS would function
but to a very limited extent
and that's it.
I don't think I could actually do any meaningful work with it
That would be quite difficult to achieve.
But in any case
we have our VirtualBox manager here.
I'm spinning it around
and the process of creating pretty much new virtual machines
is exactly the same, more or less.
The options have the same places
so you'll be able to follow this tutorial through
even if you are using Windows
and have created a virtual machine.
For the most part, anyway.
I'm just gonna go ahead and close it now.
I will uninstall it here
because it is completely pointless for the time being.
But in any case
I hope that this was helpful to all the Windows users out there
because, let's face it
a lot of people do use Windows.
However, for pen testing purposes
for ethical hacking
Windows is not the best operating system to use out there
primarily because it's a lot harder to become anonymous with Windows
to an anonymize yourself
and furthermore most the pen testing hacking tools
were actually designed for Unix/Linux
like environments
to work in combination with their
terminals.
However, the choice of the operating system is completely up to you.
I will be working with Fedora, Linux
and I will most likely be using this
Windows machine
as some sort of a victim
which we will be attacking and exploiting.
Anyway, I bid you all farewell
and I hope to see you in the next tutorial.